[IMP] localization: add "webinars" section to Chile (#832)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/fiscal_localizations/localizations/chile.rst

Chile
=====

> Webinars
> ========
> Below you can find videos with a general description of the localization, how to configure it and 
> what changes were made for version 14.
> 
> - `VIDEO WEBINAR OF A COMPLETE DEMO <https://youtu.be/BHnByZiyYcM>`_.
> 
> Introduction
> ============

Reviewer: May I suggest to put it as a note, at the very beginning of the intro, rather than making a whole section just for one link?

It would look like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46810843/104744864-aeb30c00-574d-11eb-8b3f-af4bf1a578ee.png)

```suggestion
Introduction
============

.. note::
   Here is a `webinar video on YouTube with a general description of the localization and how to
   configure it <https://youtu.be/BHnByZiyYcM>`_.
```
